---
tags: contest
date: 2022-11-06 00:00 +0900
title: "2022 Uni-CODE Detailed Schedule and Rules"
categories: unicode
author: queuedq
---

[한글로 보기 (View in Korean)](/unicode/2022/11/06/ko-rules.html)

The detailed competition schedule and rules are as follows.

## Schedule

1. You cannot enter the contest room after the contest begins. You have to **arrive 30-60 minutes before** the contest for participant registration.
2. After the contest time (1PM - 4PM), an **additional schedule of about 2 hours** will be held for sponsor promotion and awards ceremony. If you do not participate in the awards ceremony, there may be restrictions on the payment of special prizes.

## Rules

1. You will use your own laptop for the contest.
2. You may bring a **“cheat sheet”** document consisting of no more than 2 pages of single-sided A4 paper. There are no restrictions on the content and format of the cheat sheet. 
	- Examples: You can attach source codes, formulas, figures, etc. in the cheat sheet.
	- We will inspect the cheat sheet on participant registration. If your cheat sheet does not meet the requirement, you cannot bring it to the contest room.
2. You are **NOT allowed to use the internet** (e.g. Google search) during the contest. However, access to the **official language reference site is allowed.** The list of the allowed websites are as follows.
	- C/C++: [https://en.cppreference.com/w/](https://en.cppreference.com/w/)
	- Python: [https://docs.python.org/3/](https://docs.python.org/3/)
	- Java: [https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/index.html](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/index.html)
3. You are **NOT allowed to access any materials other than those mentioned**, such as personal files and message logs.
4. The source codes used to solve the problems must be written within the competition time.
	- Exceptions: It is allowed to copy the code from the cheat sheet by hand or copy/paste the code from the official reference sites.
	- You are **NOT allowed to use pre-written code templates** on your computer. Please use the cheat sheet.
	- You are **NOT allowed to use programs that assist in writing source code, or programs that access the internet**, such as GitHub Copilot. (Code formatters are allowed only if the contents of the code are not changed.)
4. You must NOT communicate with any people other than the organizers during the contest.
5. You must NOT share your contest account information with other people.

Violation of the above rules may be considered cheating and may result in disqualification, expulsion, and revocation of the prize. Other matters not specified may be decided by the organizers and the supervisors.

## Programming Environment

1. The languages available for this contest are C (C11), C++ (C++17), Python (PyPy3), and Java (Java 11).
2. The version and compilation environment for each language can be found at the following link. [https://help.acmicpc.net/language/info/all](https://help.acmicpc.net/language/info/all)
3. There is no extra time limit and memory limit per language. Please choose the language that best suits for each problem.

## Ranking Criteria

1. The ranking is determined based on the following criteria applied in order.
	- A person with more problems solved ranks higher.
	- A person with a smaller total penalty for all solved problems ranks higher.
	- A person with an earlier last correct submission time ranks higher.
2. The penalty for each problem is calculated based on the formula below, and they only apply to the solved problems.
	- (Submission time of the first correct answer (in minutes)) + (Number of incorrect submissions before the first correct submission) × 20

---

**Notices**

1. [2022 UNIST Algorithm Programming Contest Uni-CODE](/unicode/2022/11/01/en-unicode-2022.html)
2. [2022 Uni-CODE Detailed Schedule and Rules](/unicode/2022/11/06/en-rules.html)
